yeah it's Billy here with team Evie I'm
going to do a deck profile on my
sophomore deck cuz its loss alright
let's get started start off by playing
to sell mode Stardust 3 is just too dead
not only got three so lounge that I run
3 solve East cuz if I have a set of
first artist I can get my assault mode
activate then either on the flammable
engine of three fire dogs and 20
magicians because they're automatic
starters right there so good to pro huge
beaters dying dicks all right then I'm
on summer monk to get my miss valleys
instant level fours or even my magician
it's just in some Stardust and rescue
rabbit and not risk your there because
I'm not pro a good player feel me any of
you guys had rescue rabbit yeah um I'm
the best card in Laguna other than
ayperi on will be all US which is rude
one tango he's just boss he's about her
he beats thank you and BLS it beats
himself um and then I rongeurs
protection just in case I did draw those
dead hand roots never happens cuz this
deck is amazingly so consistent this car
is not even necessary it's just cool to
have any guess who I work he double
stacks for this guy all day uh-huh yeah
I like what the bads pick it up i mighta
am I put in beastmen barbaros him to
sacrifice me all right Mike's already mm
st cause i only have two gold msts
salling run to right onto this little
two little three kindlings stay put 222
sorry too small teleports to instant
fusions for the if I have a dead little
for my level 4 tuner and confusion
level 40 staples everybody knows other
staples oh and there are on 3d prisons
don't have a warning don't have warning
I have 3s almond aggravates and then few
staples birthday em and then on to the
Extra Deck are unstable ekta deck I Rana
you know I have the just drill warrior
for frozen Fitzgerald and the junk I
think these should be in every extra
deck they're just too good wrong all
right double Stardust and then I have
strange stalkers are on to Stardust um
this card shitty I might take that out I
hate it I just like this picture cuz
it's ghosts and into black rose and
Black Rose is amazing oh I'll forget
about this table drunk Archer he has a
crossbow back across well here's a bow
and arrow just kills a guy night cause
the fighter and then on to fusions
because I can in some food in them and
then the two best cards in the game any
card I'm well that's that's my deck
profiles hope you guys enjoy it your
face um comment rate subscribe tell me
what has changed be nice about a thought
I mean asshole PM me PM me for the
rescue rabbits just PM me for
conversation I need friends we need a
subscriber so uh yeah i'ma go forward
with my shout out I still use told me a
shout out for that big mac badass I mean
see you later my mom